step tap step tap but this is not a
dance floor Ashford school is a school
for students with mild intellectual
disabilities it's a dream for some of
them that they're going to be like that
one day no female may not have dancing
with an hour before blegh these a bit of
a smidgen chaser sweet talk about
glass half full glass half empty learns
is always full le ma ladies are your
mom's wedding dress oh wow they mix this
up by putting good people with that
every time one of the good things that's
the patient one going to outline this
region he wants to get Teddy like
everyone let's suggest you one there but
unfortunately with him he wants a Jersey
cow I like dolphins so I'm into dog
touch me being a big nose you got
different expectations my favorite
animal is coverage I laughing mommy
kangaroo does it hurt people want to get
angry sometimes Anthony punched me and
I'm kind we had a question back
however we have do that on the night
right now I'm not happy with you today I
don't want people arguing disability can
be a real divisor and families well I
suppose it was the denial kind of
everybody's got to be perfect and if
something is not perfect and I know
about it that might be public it's
certainly not an easy process for them
but you just have to be patient and then
have faith that it's going to work so
the presentation ball helps them prepare
for a change
that
you feel
pana own a thief or wife that on your
eyes
I